[SISBELL]
No! It can't be real!
c0000001
This is terrible!
c0000002
"At the crack of dawn,
c0000003
a coup d'etat
took place in the palace.
c0000004
An intruder attempted
to murder the Queen
c0000005
and first Princess.
c0000006
Many injuries are reported."
c0000007
[SISBELL] My mother and sister
could have died.
c0000008
Such violence is unacceptable!
c0000009
That's the reality
we're living in.
c0000010
When the palace guards
are patrolling this far out,
c0000011
you know
it isn't looking good.
c0000012
The whole Sovereignty
is on high alert.
c0000013
Right now, the palace
is the last place
c0000014
you want to be.
c0000015
You sure you still
wanna go back there?
c0000016
♪
c0000017
We should stay here until
they can capture the culprit.
c0000018
That's certainly an option
I'll leave on the table.
c0000019
But I doubt
they'll be found anytime soon.
c0000020
[ISKA]
Why, because the culprit
c0000021
is a member
of the royal family?
c0000022
You think it could be
that Masked Lord guy?
c0000023
It's hard to say, for now.
c0000024
Once we're able to return
the palace,
c0000025
I can use my powers
to locate the offender.
c0000026
Masked Lord is aware
of my gift,
c0000027
so I have a hard time
believing it's him.
c0000028
[all gasp]
c0000029
You serious?
c0000030
Your astral power
can help you locate people?
c0000031
Yes! Essentially,
I get to play detective.
c0000032
[JHIN]
I see. They failed the coup.
c0000033
If you return,
you could find the culprit.
c0000034
Which means the Queen
c0000035
is no longer
their primary target.
c0000036
'Cause if they wanna
stay hidden,
c0000037
they need to take you out.
c0000038
I'm afraid your assumption
is correct.
c0000039
Just another reason
to stay away.
c0000040
For someone with a target
on their back,
c0000041
you're pretty calm.
c0000042
It's because
I have faith in you all.
c0000043
We're so close.
c0000044
Can you escort me
the rest of the way?
c0000045
This is completely insane!
c0000046
A coup in the royal palace?
c0000047
Princess Alice?
c0000048
[gasps]
c0000049
The trains
are still operating, yes?
c0000050
[MALE POLICE 203A]
Correct! We've reduced
c0000051
the number of trains,
c0000052
but the Central Province
express is still online!
c0000053
[ALICE]
Thank you both.
c0000054
♪
c0000055
Rin.
c0000056
[RIN]
Lady Alice!
c0000057
The departure time
won't change,
c0000058
even if we get there early!
c0000059
You expect me
to stand around and wait?
c0000060
That's not what I meant,
apologies.
c0000061
[ALICE]
No. I'm sorry for being short.
c0000062
Am I making the right choice?
c0000063
Yes.
You need to be with the Queen
c0000064
in this troubling time.
c0000065
And I hate to say it,
they are the enemy,
c0000066
after all, but Lady Sisbell
is in good hands.
c0000067
It pains me to think
of Iska serving Sisbell
c0000068
in any capacity.
c0000069
[ALICE]
It's fine.
c0000070
The two of us got to spend
some time together alone.
c0000071
And I had a chance
to be just as close
c0000072
to him as she was!
c0000073
Lady Alice.
c0000074
[gasps]
Don't judge me! It's not--
c0000075
[phone ringing]
c0000076
[MILLAVAIR]
Are you all right?
c0000077
Mother, hey!
c0000078
It's good to hear your voice!
c0000079
They say there was a bomb
c0000080
just outside
of the throne room.
c0000081
Way too close for comfort!
c0000082
[MILLAVAIR]
It actually wasn't a bomb,
c0000083
but an astral art.
c0000084
We didn't find
any traces of gunpowder.
c0000085
[ALICE]
The Sovereignty is harboring
c0000086
a ruthless traitor.
c0000087
[MILLAVAIR]
I'm afraid so.
c0000088
It works in our favor, though.
c0000089
Bombs can be detonated
remotely from anywhere,
c0000090
but astral arts cannot.
c0000091
They have a limited range,
so the culprit is close.
c0000092
Sisbell can help us
root them out upon her return.
c0000093
When pruning a rosebush,
one is bound to bleed.
c0000094
Have you had any luck
c0000095
finding your sister's
whereabouts?
c0000096
[gasps]
No.
c0000097
♪
c0000098
[MILLAVAIR]
You must make haste, Alice.
c0000099
Please find her
and keep her safe.
c0000100
[ALICE]
Of course.
c0000101
I'll reach out
as soon as it's possible.
c0000102
Please take care.
c0000103
[sighs]
c0000104
I'm so sad, Rin.
c0000105
I don't think I've ever lied
to my mother in my life!
c0000106
Please, you do it all the time.
c0000107
Like when you want to skip out
c0000108
on your book club.
c0000109
You dramatically feign
a migraine.
c0000110
And then poof,
you get to stay in bed.
c0000111
Rin.
c0000112
[RIN]
A slip of the tongue, My Lady.
c0000113
Since I have to pretend
I don't know where she is,
c0000114
I need you to go out
and keep an eye on her for me.
c0000115
Please stay on your toes,
c0000116
you never know
when they'll come for you.
c0000117
Just be careful, okay?
c0000118
[SISBELL]
Everyone! I have great news!
c0000119
Schwartz made it all the way
to the Central Province!
c0000120
He should be able
to get an audience
c0000121
with the Queen by tomorrow!
c0000122
With her help, we should secure
c0000123
safe passage back
to the palace!
c0000124
That's two too many
"shoulds" for my liking, dear.
c0000125
Have you always been
this much of a downer, Jhin?
c0000126
Look, all I'm trying to say is,
c0000127
don't get too excited.
c0000128
You need to be thinking ahead
in case something goes wrong.
c0000129
Yeah, you think
I don't know that?
c0000130
Ahem.
c0000131
[NENE] Would you
still like us to go out
c0000132
and patrol the perimeter?
c0000133
I don't think patrols
will be necessary
c0000134
until Schwartz makes
contact with the Queen.
c0000135
-[loud blast]
-[gasps]
c0000136
Guys?
What's happening out there?
c0000137
It's a bomb!
c0000138
Same person
who attacked the Queen?
c0000139
Well, then,
we must find them, now!
c0000140
You, wanna chase them?
c0000141
No. I can track them
from the safety of the hotel.
c0000142
[SISBELL]
Stars of fate.
c0000143
Reveal the past
I am destined to see.
c0000144
♪
c0000145
[all gasp]
c0000146
♪
c0000147
Gotcha.
c0000148
[gasps]
c0000149
[all screaming]
c0000150
[explosion]
c0000151
Sisbell!
c0000152
You barbarian!
c0000153
All this destruction
just to find me?
c0000154
Sisbell! Get down!
c0000155
♪
c0000156
[gunshots]
c0000157
He can hit her?
From this far out?
c0000158
Surrender now,
or I'll blow you away.
c0000159
It's your choice.
c0000160
[evil chuckle]
Not today.
c0000161
[gasps]
c0000162
[ISKA]
Was that wind? No.
c0000163
It's called Gravity!
c0000164
This isn't good.
c0000165
She can manipulate
the matter around--
c0000166
[gasps]
c0000167
♪
c0000168
[grunts]
c0000169
♪
c0000170
But how?
c0000171
Oh, no!
Not my neck protector!
c0000172
Now what?
c0000173
Allow me to finish
what you started.
c0000174
You're not too shabby
for a random mercenary
c0000175
she picked up off the streets.
c0000176
Who could he be, Sis?
c0000177
He's gotta be somebody!
c0000178
Vichyssoise?
c0000179
-How could you?
-[smirks]
c0000180
This will destroy the
House of Hydra's reputation!
c0000181
Once everyone finds out.
c0000182
No one's gonna know.
c0000183
[evil chuckle]
c0000184
Everyone...
c0000185
stay back,
she's preparing for something.
c0000186
♪
c0000187
[evil laugh]
c0000188
[ISKA]
Captain Mismis.
c0000189
Take Sisbell and retreat, now!
c0000190
Iska, no!
c0000191
What are you doing?
c0000192
[VICHYSSOISE (ASTRAL)]
You never saw me at the palace!
c0000193
You wouldn't have.
c0000194
There was only a "monster"
c0000195
who looked like this!
c0000196
Beautiful, aren't I?
c0000197
♪
c0000198
[whimpering]
c0000199
I can do whatever I want
without being recognized now!
c0000200
[gasps]
c0000201
Who will rally behind the Lous
c0000202
when they've yet
to defeat the Empire?
c0000203
Goodbye, House Lou!
c0000204
The Sovereignty is better
off without you!
c0000205
[all gasp]
c0000206
[grunts]
c0000207
You can slice through my flame?
c0000208
We're done here!
It's you and me.
c0000209
Iska!
c0000210
You once told me
you were trained
c0000211
to fight mages!
c0000212
Now's your chance to prove
you weren't lying!
c0000213
Don't lose now!
c0000214
Iska!
c0000215
♪
c0000216
Yeah...I won't lose
to an astral mage.
c0000217
But this, this is different.
c0000218
That thing isn't
your average mage.
c0000219
She's a damn witch!
c0000220
♪
c0000221
[all panting]
c0000222
Who was that witch?
c0000223
Have you two met
before tonight?
c0000224
What the hell even was she?
c0000225
[JHIN]
I'll tell you right now,
c0000226
this isn't what we discussed
when you hired us.
c0000227
We promised to fend
off assassins
c0000228
from the Sovereignty,
not go toe-to-toe
c0000229
with a flame-throwing monster.
c0000230
She's Vichyssoise.
c0000231
Vichyssoise Alec Hydra
and, uh...
c0000232
She was adopted by the House..
c0000233
By House of Hydra, and...
c0000234
-[panting]
-She rounds up criminals.
c0000235
Goes on official missions
to find them all
c0000236
and bring them to justice.
c0000237
[panting]
c0000238
But not like this.
c0000239
[JHIN]
You're telling me
c0000240
you didn't know
who she really was?
c0000241
Of course, I didn't!
c0000242
If I did, I wouldn't
have risked our lives
c0000243
going after her!
c0000244
There's no more time.
c0000245
We'll talk about this later.
c0000246
[panting]
c0000247
♪
c0000248
Wait, Jhin!
c0000249
What do you think
you're doing?
c0000250
Unhand me,
or I'll report you for...
c0000251
You wanna do this on your own?
c0000252
[whimpers]
c0000253
No.
c0000254
Let's move out!
c0000255
[rumbling]
c0000256
[explosions]
c0000257
[laughs]
c0000258
Hmm.
Huh?
c0000259
♪
c0000260
Tell me, are you human?
c0000261
I dunno.
c0000262
I think you'll need
to define "human"
c0000263
for me, bodyguard!
c0000264
[laughs]
c0000265
♪
c0000266
Earlier, I heard
Sis refer to you as "Iska."
c0000267
Who are you, really?
c0000268
A bodyguard, remember?
c0000269
Don't play dumb with me.
c0000270
There is the Saint Disciple
of the Eleventh Seat.
c0000271
Successor of the Black Steel?
c0000272
Is any of this starting
to ring a bell, Mister Nobody?
c0000273
Hm.
c0000274
The House of Hydra sees all.
c0000275
Sure, we've endured
years of misery.
c0000276
But now, we know
what the Empire's up to.
c0000277
You just want
to control the Sovereignty.
c0000278
You simpleton.
c0000279
I wouldn't have cast
away my humanity
c0000280
for something so trivial.
c0000281
Violet Belt!
c0000282
[ISKA]
That all you got?
c0000283
-Huh?
-Don't play dumb!
c0000284
I said, "that all you got?"
c0000285
[grunts and slices]
c0000286
You got a special weapon
there, don't ya?
c0000287
What kind of sword cuts
through astral energy?
c0000288
Hell, if I know!
c0000289
Praise of Mother Earth.
c0000290
Unleash your Gravity Storm!
c0000291
[ALICE]
What's that?
c0000292
Were they able to find Sisbell?
c0000293
She should be safe with Iska.
c0000294
Rin's there, too.
c0000295
[WARVICK]
Lady Alice!
c0000296
Thank God you're safe!
c0000297
[ALICE]
Kisasage! Warvick!
c0000298
You two
start evacuating the guests!
c0000299
I'll go find Sisbell myself!
c0000300
-Right!
c0000301
[TRYSE]
Lady Alice.
c0000302
Hmm?
c0000303
I have located Lady Sisbell.
c0000304
However, the police force
was taken hostage.
c0000305
I've heard that
Lady Sisbell's been hurt.
c0000306
What now?
c0000307
Come with me, My Lady!
I'll take you to her!
c0000308
Lady Alice?
c0000309
I have something
I'd like to ask you.
c0000310
We don't have time for that!
c0000311
-She could be in danger--
-I'll be quick. Who are you?
c0000312
[explosion]
c0000313
[VICHYSSOISE (ASTRAL)]
I've got you now.
c0000314
[grunts]
c0000315
♪
c0000316
[laughs]
c0000317
My, you're very good!
c0000318
This should serve
as a nice little warm-up
c0000319
before I demolish
the Zoas and Lous.
c0000320
I'll crush you
with my special attack!
c0000321
[ISKA]
What is that dark sphere?
c0000322
It seems to be
absorbing all the light.
c0000323
Whoa! A black hole?
c0000324
Correct!
c0000325
But you didn't quite
answer in time.
c0000326
♪
c0000327
Corpse Magic Bullet.
c0000328
Fire!
c0000329
[gasps]
c0000330
[ALICE] You assumed
that a princess like me
c0000331
couldn't possibly remember
the faces
c0000332
of every one of her soldiers,
didn't you?
c0000333
If so, then,
you are sorely mistaken.
c0000334
♪
c0000335
I know the name
and face of all who serve us.
c0000336
The House of Lou
values its people.
c0000337
♪
c0000338
Sisbell is safe, then.
c0000339
If you had her,
you wouldn't bother with me.
c0000340
♪
c0000341
[smirks]
c0000342
Now move.
c0000343
A magician whose gambit
is up should know
c0000344
better than to stick
around like this.
c0000345
[TRYSE] Your intelligence
is downright uncanny,
c0000346
Second Princess.
c0000347
All those brains.
And beauty, to boot.
c0000348
That's kind of you.
c0000349
But I am not interested
in your compliments.
c0000350
I want you to get out
of my way.
c0000351
Hmm.
I must decline.
c0000352
[ALICE]
A gun? Really?
c0000353
[TRYSE]
Goodbye forever, Princess.
c0000354
-Is that...
-[blasts]
c0000355
[scoffs]
c0000356
Only a fool would
challenge you head-on.
c0000357
♪
c0000358
Uh. I can't move!
c0000359
♪
c0000360
[ALICE] A cold-hearted
thing to do, I know.
c0000361
[gasps]
c0000362
[TRYSE]
Aliceliese!
c0000363
[scoffs]
c0000364
A hotel collapse
would've been disastrous.
c0000365
Who knows how many casualties
c0000366
there would have been?
c0000367
[TRYSE]
She stopped the explosion
c0000368
at the very last moment?
c0000369
[grunts]
c0000370
[groans]
c0000371
Poor thing,
I'd hate to be you.
c0000372
You didn't get crushed
and still have to fight me!
c0000373
I'm never going to get
crushed by an astral mage.
c0000374
I'll beat you no matter what!
c0000375
Well, you can rest easy
on that last count, at least.
c0000376
I'm not an astral mage,
you see.
c0000377
I'm on a whole different
level entirely.
c0000378
[groans]
c0000379
You know
that's not what I meant.
c0000380
I don't want to lose
to you at all.
c0000381
And I don't intend to.
c0000382
Hm?
c0000383
[ISKA] I understand
you're a veritable monster.
c0000384
Nevertheless...
c0000385
[gasps] You may boast
about being superior
c0000386
to an astral mage.
c0000387
But the only power
I can sense is that
c0000388
of an astral spirit.
c0000389
What?
c0000390
I knew it! You see?
c0000391
You don't understand.
c0000392
You wouldn't!
c0000393
You are aware
of what the Imperial Army
c0000394
calls me, aren't you?
c0000395
Surely you have heard.
c0000396
♪
c0000397
A normal girl calls
herself a witch.
c0000398
And she means it
self-deprecatingly.
c0000399
But you have no idea
what kind of person does that.
c0000400
The level of resolve
it requires.
c0000401
♪
c0000402
That's why I will not lose.
c0000403
Not to someone
who has nothing more than
c0000404
their physical strength!
c0000405
Fire!
c0000406
[grunts]
c0000407
[explosions]
c0000408
What?
c0000409
Vichyssoise!
c0000410
You little fly!
c0000411
Come, astral flames!
c0000412
Release, now!
c0000413
[TRYSE]
You're the Ice Calamity Witch.
c0000414
[ISKA]
The white sword can release
c0000415
the astral art that
the black sword slices!
c0000416
[screams]
c0000417
Just wait.
c0000418
You'll see what a true
nightmare looks like.
c0000419
A monster far more
terrifying than me.
c0000420
[ISKA]
Rin!
c0000421
Shut up.
c0000422
Huh?
[groans]
c0000423
You let me drop!
c0000424
[RIN]
Ugh, you're alive, aren't you?
c0000425
Yes, but you sound
disappointed.
c0000426
[RIN]
As far as I know,
c0000427
Vichyssoise was a normal human
c0000428
with a gravity astral spirit.
c0000429
What I don't know
is how she came to be
c0000430
that monster you just fought.
c0000431
-Rin!
-Oh! Lady Alice!
c0000432
Behold, Milady,
I have successfully
c0000433
captured the assassin!
c0000434
And I did it all by myself!
c0000435
[ISKA]
You did not!
c0000436
Huh?!
But what are you doing here?
c0000437
Where is Sisbell?
c0000438
She is safe in the hands
of my team.
c0000439
-Anyway, I leave her to you!
-Wait, what?
c0000440
Iska, don't go just yet!
c0000441
Whom do you mean?
c0000442
Huh? Vichyssoise?
c0000443
Is she the one behind the coup?
c0000444
♪
c0000445
Hold on, Iska.
c0000446
There's one important
detail I must know.
c0000447
Huh?
c0000448
Why is she completely
in the nude?
c0000449
-Sorry?
c0000450
[ALICE]
It's just...if I, personally,
c0000451
were going to undress
in front of you,
c0000452
I would make it
a much better show!
c0000453
[ISKA]
What are you on about?
c0000454
What are you even saying?
c0000455
[RIN] Lady Alice,
get a hold of yourself!
c0000456
[gasps]
c0000457
[JHIN]
The Ice Calamity Witch?
c0000458
Jhin, thank you.
c0000459
♪
c0000460
All right!
Be very careful, everyone!
c0000461
It's really slippery!
c0000462
[gasps]
I'm so sorry!
c0000463
[SALINGER]
You little brat.
c0000464
What, are your eyes
just for show?
c0000465
Oh, forgive me, sir!
c0000466
Please accept
this coupon for some
c0000467
excellent barbecue!
c0000468
Wait, was this
restaurant in the Empire?
c0000469
[JHIN]
Boss, who are you talking to?
c0000470
[MISMIS]
Um. What?
c0000471
[SALINGER] Just
as it happened 30 years ago.
c0000472
Millavair.
c0000473
The real monster's
coming for you.
c0000474
To sink its teeth
into your throat.
c0000475
♪
c0000476
[MILLAVAIR] Back then,
I did not even feel the cold.
c0000477
Nor the sensation of fear
that grips me now.
c0000478
[SALINGER (YOUNG)]
Milla,
c0000479
you're not fit to be a Queen.
c0000480
♪
c0000481
[MILLAVAIR (YOUNG)]
Really, Salinger?
c0000482
Why would you come
all the way here
c0000483
just to say something
horrible like that to me?
c0000484
Because you're just
a little fool.
c0000485
You're incapable
of ruthlessness.
c0000486
You can't act like a witch.
c0000487
♪
c0000488
[MILLAVAIR]
Let's not go there.
c0000489
That was 30 years ago.
c0000490
♪
c0000491
The reality is, I am a Queen,
c0000492
and I must focus on the battle
c0000493
with the Imperial Army.
c0000494
And on Alice winning
the election to secure
c0000495
the throne after me.
c0000496
I am sorry, Elletear. Sisbell.
c0000497
I know you are both
very talented.
c0000498
♪
c0000499
However, your talents
aren't enough to rule.
c0000500
For a Queen needs
indomitable strength.
c0000501
It will be the Lous
who win this election
c0000502
and keep their place
on the throne.
c0000503
[GROWLEY]
On, I am shocked to say
c0000504
that for once, you have failed.
c0000505
Oh, come now,
isn't that a bit harsh?
c0000506
My dear Lord Growley.
c0000507
[chuckles]
c0000508
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
The House of Hydra
c0000509
has shown its true colors.
c0000510
After lurking behind
the scenes for a 100 years,
c0000511
it seems they are actually
running for election.
c0000512
[GROWLEY] You mean to tell me
they dare to challenge us?
c0000513
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
Indeed.
c0000514
By framing me
as the Queen's assassin,
c0000515
they plan to eliminate us
from the race.
c0000516
They must feel confident.
c0000517
[GROWLEY] We shall rise up
in righteous anger,
c0000518
and retaliate
with grace and poise.
c0000519
This contest will tax us all.
c0000520
It's the toughest election
in history, I've no doubt.
c0000521
-Kissing.
-Huh?
c0000522
Won't be long now,
c0000523
before we ask you
to shed the eye mask.
c0000524
[KISSING]
Can I?
c0000525
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
Oh, yes, quite soon.
c0000526
And you'll use your powers
c0000527
to your heart's content.
c0000528
We'll cleanse planet and sun,
c0000529
before destroying the Empire.
c0000530
It is time
for the moon to shine.
c0000531
Let's not forget
the planet and the moon.
c0000532
Knowing them as I do,
c0000533
I've no doubt they imagine
c0000534
they will win
the coming election,
c0000535
hands down.
c0000536
Good morning to you, Elletear.
c0000537
A good morning to you,
as well, Lord Talisman.
c0000538
Thank you so much
for having me.
c0000539
[TALISMAN]
Care for some tea?
c0000540
Oh no, just a little
hot water for me.
c0000541
[laughter]
c0000542
You shall have
the finest hot water ever.
c0000543
[snaps finger] By the way,
your sister is faring well.
c0000544
She appears to have
a highly capable bodyguard, no?
c0000545
It never occurred to me
that Vichyssoise
c0000546
could possibly fail.
c0000547
That was a small setback.
c0000548
Capable bodyguard?
c0000549
That's Iska, it has to be.
c0000550
Iska?
c0000551
An ex-Saint Disciple.
c0000552
Wouldn't it be wonderful
if he were my bodyguard?
c0000553
Mother and Alice both
have strong astral power, see.
c0000554
And Sisbell has adequate
astral power
c0000555
and now a strong bodyguard.
c0000556
And yet, look at me.
I have nothing.
c0000557
Oh, do I sense
a little sibling rivalry?
c0000558
[chuckles]
c0000559
It's all about reveling
in the spice of life for me.
c0000560
Delicacies like envy,
anger, and lust.
c0000561
I love every intense emotion,
c0000562
and savor them
like one at a feast.
c0000563
That's what it means.
That is, to be a witch.
c0000564
[RIN]
We're leaving, Lady Alice.
c0000565
Time to wake up.
c0000566
I'm sorry.
c0000567
I was up the whole night
c0000568
while they questioned
Vichyssoise.
c0000569
I didn't get any sleep.
c0000570
I am exhausted.
c0000571
Oh, look!
It's the swordsman! See?
c0000572
What? Wait, where?
c0000573
Where is he?
Where's Iska?
c0000574
-Uh!
-That woke you up.
c0000575
Ugh! Rin, I'm leaving you
in charge of Sisbell.
c0000576
[SISBELL] I am sure Vichyssoise
is in that vehicle,
c0000577
being taken into custody.
c0000578
Iska.
c0000579
Was Vichyssoise
a worthy opponent?
c0000580
She was strong,
but something just felt weird.
c0000581
Off-putting. Eerie.
c0000582
Like I couldn't get a feel
for what I was up against.
c0000583
[SISBELL] Are you saying
you were afraid of her?
c0000584
Sounds kinda wimpy
for a bodyguard.
c0000585
[SISBELL]
No.
c0000586
I've seen a monster before.
c0000587
Besides Vichyssoise, I mean,
and this one was, well...
c0000588
Let's say that's how I lost
trust in the royal family.
c0000589
[soft gasp]
c0000590
That thing was far
more terrifying
c0000591
than Vichyssoise.
c0000592
What are you talking about?
c0000593
[SISBELL] I knew as soon
as I laid eyes on it.
c0000594
That thing was pure evil.
c0000595
More twisted than
any human ever could be.
c0000596
[sobs]
c0000597
I know
what you're feeling, Iska.
c0000598
I still tremble
just thinking about
c0000599
the night I saw that atrocity.
c0000600
It's called
the Pitch-Black Monster.
c0000601
And it is so foul,
one of the few creatures
c0000602
out there that
I believe can truly
c0000603
be called a witch.
c0000604
I simply cannot
shake off my fear of it.
c0000605
I see. You've come
a long way to find me,
c0000606
an Imperial soldier.
c0000607
It makes sense.
At last, I get it.
c0000608
[gasps]
c0000609
Sisbell, don't fret.
I'll get you home safely.
c0000610
[crying]